it's getting a little rough out
now you can see it in the skies
and feel it in the change of the
waves we just see this storm
coming along the horizon looks
like a lightning strike squall
bottom line i have to catch fish
to provide for my family and
sometimes that involves taking a
few risks you guys don't need to
worry lightnings only danger is
if you're on a boat sucker
it comes the wind shift weather
changes big storm comment as a
fish red cap and boat owner you
need to know about whether at
all times with high winds comes
high seas but the biggest
concern is lighting and got that
big pole up their great
conductor of electricity
it's that the right through the
boat and we lose our electronics
when it comes lightning bolts
coming you know it's common
finding the hair on your head
starts to stand up without
lighting bolt hits makes you
jump no doubt about it was
pretty scary
Oh
just go through severe lightning
storm right now and we
definitely pay attention as you
can see we're right in the heart
of it try to avoid touching the
steering wheel as much as
possible
it's scary man anytime you get
stuck in these situations I
don't think I've ever been away
let me something like this with
you before the problem is
everything on these boots
electronic machinery is here
between the radars and fish
finder and flowers including our
engine and our controls for it
so you know worst-case scenario
if we got hit and we have to
pray that we did kind of go on
fire on top of that we have to
print we don't lose my goodness
we've got a kind of pray that we
don't lose our mansion and our
generator
you know the old saying is you
know lightning strikes the
highest moving object that's in
that area and right now we are
definitely the highest moving
object so I'm not gonna stand
here is catching requirement
we're headed in
well get inside
wow whoa that was close that was
a quarter-mile away right there
miles get bad
wow it is absolutely for what
you want to be out here in a
small boat
I don't want to be out here in a
big boom
yeah
we're gonna get back here for
prime candidate for lady strike
right now God out everybody get
down low
you better get down here
lighting is closed please God
don't let us get started right
now